React Native Web integration (#9)
Expensify/react-native-key-command: README.md

# react-native-key-command

> Objective-C and Java module that registers and listens to specified keyboard events, dispatching the payload to JavaScript.

Reviewer: May be

```suggestion
A cross-platform module that registers and listens to specified keyboard events, dispatching the payload to JavaScript.

✅ Android
✅ iOS
✅ Web
```
